We've made some amazing progress so far.
But what's next is kind of tricky now that we're able to input our subject right now that we know what
we want the focus on.
When we pressed the plus button, we probably want the screen to flip over to something else.
We don't want to see the focus and we would probably want to see the timer.
So how do we go about that?
Over here, we're storing our subject, but once we have our subject, we're not passing it up.
So the subject is isolated to our focus feature.
Our app has no clue what's going on.
One way of going about this is we can get a you state in here.
And what we'll do over here is we'll grab this, you state, and we'll see concert.
Current subject.
And then set current subject.
Is equal to you, state of not.
Now, what we can see here is.
If we do not have a current subject.
Show us the focus feature, otherwise show us a view.
With some text inside of it that says I am going to render the timer.
And I will do text.
And we'll do the.
And then we'll just pretty that.
And what you can see here now is, hey, if I add a value inside of here.
I am going to render the timer.
That's what we're visualizing.
OK, so that's good.
Now we know that we can swap between both, but we need to be able to set the current subject, so too
our focus time.
Feature like our focus feature will say we'll add a prop called Add Subject and add subject will call
set current subject, so whenever we call, add subject inside a focus.
We'll know we'll have to pass it a value.
OK, so how would we go about that?
Well, while we're inputting, we don't really want to do anything just yet.
But when we're done inputting and we pressed the plus button, that's when we want it to happen so we
can add an arm press here where we say, Hey, when this is pressed.
Let's just call.
Hard subject with our subject.
Now, whereas at subject coming from add subject is now a prop on focus.
And so by doing these simple steps now, if I say, hey, subject is what I'm focusing on and I press
plus, then it's going to say over here it's going to switch over and say, I'm going to render the
timer.
Now, let's go and clean that up a bit because it doesn't really look nice.
Let's say that we give the text style, and let's say that we give it the style color for now of colors
stop white because I want it to look a bit nicer and I'm going to render the timer for.
And let's just say here the current subject.
And let's run prettier on that.
And then let's go up here and say, Well, I'm going to mow the lawn, and if I press plus it's saying
I'm going to render the clamour for mow the lawn.
So that's our current focus object.
And now we've created the back and forth where in this short amount of code, we've been able to take
our focus feature, pick the subject that we input into the text input box.
Pass it up to the app so that the app can be reactive to us adding a subject and then swap out the view
for something else.
That's awesome.
But now we kind of have another feature to build.
The focus feature.
So let's take a look at how this interaction is going to play out.